what is up YouTube it is Dan McCann I'm
giving you a foursome video of how to
tune in some s-class cars to a class or
potentially lower the performance points
on a certain car so we're gonna get
started into this game and I'm gonna
show you basically how to downgrade a
car when you actually go to customize
cars there's no way of downgrading it or
adding weight so like compared to gt5
but I'm not saying it's better anything
interesting this is how to do it sort of
only works on some cars I'll usually
actually only cars that are pre
supercharged like stock aspiration is
that they are supercharged so for an
example I'm gonna be using the Saline
s5s Raptor so it's tuned to a class at
the moment as you can see let me upgrade
tune shop alright let me just make sure
not to Michelle upgrade shop and I'm
gonna reset everything to default so
it's gonna be a stock car alright so
after we did that as you can see at the
bottom left the performance points dude
does say 623 so what I do to do this
I've actually searched YouTube for this
and there's not many videos on it so I
decide to make one myself so what you
want to start out with is uh go to
conversion right you go to aspiration
conversion and then put the twin
turbochargers in alright that means that
you take out the supercharger to put in
the twin turbos right so then what you
do you go to what's it called engine and
power and then you want to go to twin
turbo kit and instead of what you do if
you install one of the better kits but
then what you want to do is sell this
one that way you have no turbo kit
installed into your into your car or a
supercharger kit so that way it's just
running on just stock aspiration just
the engine without a supercharger as you
can see like putting the original turbo
chargin will add to her in 26 horsepower
but you are taking that away by buying
another one and then selling it so
basically it's not putting in the
default turbocharger that you initially
bought so now as you can see at the
bottom left my silene is actually at 516
performance points this way I could
actually use it in a legit a class tag
or something like that and I could put
like I could put tires on my car here
we'll go with sports tires right here
you can make them fatter a bit you could
put a little bit of engine tuning in it
or anything like that I could put some
of these make it's just a couple of
wings and stuff like that to make it go
faster around turns and stuff like that
but that like that's this the easiest
way to get any car and tag and I'm just
trying to not trying to go over right
now here 598 and we'll just put that
make it 600 now so as you can see like
it's not like a hack or anything it's a
it's just not a glitch but it's like a
bug where I don't think they intended on
this to work like that but it does which
I find it's very useful so if you do go
to upgrade shop and then go a selection
on thing you'll see that the performance
points is 600 at the top right you can
see at 510 horsepower so if we go back
and check it stock I'll go to cars buy
cars and then find Slean oh yeah Porsche
pack is out so I will be having a
Porsche videos coming up soon if you
guys really want them and anyway so
we're here stock is 623 performance
points at 650 horsepower I took out
about a few hundred out of that so thank
you for watching and that's just a
little quick way to downgrade cars that
are stock supercharged
don't forget to subscribe and I got a
couple other videos on someone else's
channel it's actually some ordinary
gamers you'll see a link on the screen
right now click it if you want to see
some good stuff I'm telling you right
now they have some good videos so don't
forget to subscribe like I said again
like the video if you liked it and
comment if you have anything to share
and say a critic or actually well I need
you to do is tell me if you want more
for videos or gt5 because I was thinking
about having a GT 5 vs. 4 as a video but
I don't know if I'm gonna do it I need
you guys as a opinion on that so let me
know as soon as possible leave it in the
comments send me a message do whatever
any just give me anything honestly like
I don't know what videos to upload
anymore
so thank you for watching